CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

We'll be glad to accept patches and contributions to the project. There are
just few guidelines we ask to follow.

Contribution license Agreement
==============================

If you want/plan to contribute, we ask you to sign a
[CLA](https://cla.microsoft.com/) (Contribution license Agreement).
A friendly bot will remind you about it when you submit a pull-request.

Submitting a contribution
=========================

It's generally best to start by
[opening a new issue](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-issue)
describing the work you intend to submit. Even for minor tasks, it's helpful
to know what contributors are working on. Please mention in the initial issue
that you are planning to work on it, so that it can be assigned to you.

Follow the usual GitHub flow process of
[forking the project](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo),
and setup a new branch to work in. Each group of changes should be done in
separate branches, in order to ensure that a pull request only
includes the changes related to one issue.

Any significant change should almost always be accompanied by tests. Look at
the existing tests to see the testing approach and style used.

## Code style
All contributions should follow our published [code guidelines](https://github.com/Azure/pcs-remote-monitoring-webui/wiki/Code-Guide). Please read it before making any submissions.

## Git setup for contributing to the solution

### Commits

Do your best to have clear commit messages for each change, in order to keep
consistency throughout the project. Reference the issue number (#num). A good
commit message serves at least these purposes:
* Speed up the pull request review process
* Help future developers to understand the purpose of your code
* Help the maintainer write release notes

One-line messages are fine for small changes, but bigger changes should look
like this:
```
$ git commit -m "A brief summary of the commit
>
> A paragraph describing what changed and its impact. Lorem ipsum dolor sit
> amet consectetur adipiscing elit ligula, blandit diam cursus vitae potenti
> egestas viverra volutpat sodales, etiam non pharetra hac sociosqu aenean
> primis. Sodales fermentum cras scelerisque interdum cubilia molestie
> convallis curabitur, augue habitasse per felis vitae parturient etiam nulla,
> facilisi vehicula diam eleifend lacus natoque venenatis."
```

Finally, push the commits to your fork, submit a pull request, wait for the
automated feedback from Travis CI, and follow the code review progress. The
team might ask for some
[changes](https://help.github.com/articles/committing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork)
before merging the pull request.

Commit message:

Update CONTRIBUTING.md with code of conduct (#377)
* Update CONTRIBUTING.md with code of conduct

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

We'll be glad to accept patches and contributions to the project. There are
just few guidelines we ask to follow.

Contribution License Agreement
==============================

If you want/plan to contribute, we ask you to sign a
[CLA](https://cla.microsoft.com/) (Contribution License Agreement).
A friendly bot will remind you about it when you submit a pull-request.

This project has adopted the
[Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct).
For more information see the
[Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq)
or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with
any additional questions or comments.

Submitting a contribution
=========================

It's generally best to start by
[opening a new issue](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-issue)
describing the work you intend to submit. Even for minor tasks, it's helpful
to know what contributors are working on. Please mention in the initial issue
that you are planning to work on it, so that it can be assigned to you.

Follow the usual GitHub flow process of
[forking the project](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo),
and setup a new branch to work in. Each group of changes should be done in
separate branches, in order to ensure that a pull request only
includes the changes related to one issue.

Any significant change should almost always be accompanied by tests. Look at
the existing tests to see the testing approach and style used.

## Code style
All contributions should follow our published [code guidelines](https://github.com/Azure/pcs-remote-monitoring-webui/wiki/Code-Guide). Please read it before making any submissions.

## Git setup for contributing to the solution

### Commits

Do your best to have clear commit messages for each change, in order to keep
consistency throughout the project. Reference the issue number (#num). A good
commit message serves at least these purposes:
* Speed up the pull request review process
* Help future developers to understand the purpose of your code
* Help the maintainer write release notes

One-line messages are fine for small changes, but bigger changes should look
like this:
```
$ git commit -m "A brief summary of the commit
>
> A paragraph describing what changed and its impact. Lorem ipsum dolor sit
> amet consectetur adipiscing elit ligula, blandit diam cursus vitae potenti
> egestas viverra volutpat sodales, etiam non pharetra hac sociosqu aenean
> primis. Sodales fermentum cras scelerisque interdum cubilia molestie
> convallis curabitur, augue habitasse per felis vitae parturient etiam nulla,
> facilisi vehicula diam eleifend lacus natoque venenatis."
```

Finally, push the commits to your fork, submit a pull request, wait for the
automated feedback from Travis CI, and follow the code review progress. The
team might ask for some
[changes](https://help.github.com/articles/committing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork)
before merging the pull request.
